[DPE-6284] Add interface: azure_storage (#215)
canonical/charm-relation-interfaces: interfaces/azure_storage/v0/README.md

# `azure_storage`

## Usage

This relation interface describes the expected behaviour of any charm claiming to be able to interact with Azure Storage protocol.
This relation interface should be used for both Azure Blob Storage and Azure Data Lake Storage (Gen 2). This interface will be accomplished using the provider library, although charm developers are free to provide alternative libraries as long as they fulfil the behavioural and schematic requirements described in this document.

## Direction

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    Provider -- container, storage-account, secret-key, connection-protocol, endpoint, path --> Requirer
```

As with all Juju relations, the `azure` interface consists of two parties: a Provider (object storage charm) and a Requirer (application charm). The Provider will be expected to provide new unique credentials (along with `storage-account`, `container`, `connection-protocol` and other fields), which can be used to access the actual object storage.

## Behaviour

> Both the Requirer and the Provider must adhere to criteria to be compatible with this interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requirer and Provider must adhere to the following criteria to be considered compatible with this interface.
```

### Provider

> - It is expected to provide `storage-account`, `container` and `secret-key` fields corresponding to a storage account, container and the secret key corresponding to an Azure Storage account when a relation joins. As of now, the container is not automatically created when the relation is joined.

Reviewer: instead of re-describing what should be clear and documented in the schema, focus in this section on the behaviours that the two roles should implement. e.g. `The provider is expected to generate a storage pool and share with the requirer all the required credentials and configurations as per the schema.`

Author: The provider here does nothing but re-echo its configuration. I can probably rephrase this into something better.

- It is expected to provide the optional `path` field that contains the relative path inside the container which is to be used for storage.

### Requirer
- Is expected to provide a container name in the `container` field. Field value should be generated on Requirer side if no particular value set in Requirer juju config.
- Is expected to tolerate that the Provider may ignore the `container` field in some cases (e.g. Azure Storage Integrator) and instead use the container name received.
- Is expected to allow multiple different Juju applications to access the same container name.
- Is expected to have unique credentials for each relation. Therefore, different instances of the same Charm (juju applications) will have different relations with different credentials.
- Is expected to have different relations names on Requirer with the same interface name if Requirer needs access to multiple buckets.

## Relation Data

[\[Pydantic Schema\]](./schema.py)
### Provider

> The Provider provides credentials, endpoints, and other parameters necessary to connect to Azure Storage. It should be placed in the **application** databag.

Reviewer: No need to repeat the whole schema again:

```suggestion
All data is shared in the **application** databag.
```

> The Provider provides credentials, endpoints, and other parameters necessary to connect to Azure Storage. It should be placed in the **application** databag.

Reviewer: (same below)
